You all are awesome, amen.
I sure do love you and I love the word because this is my Bible.
I am what it says that I am.
I can do what it says I can do.
I can have what it says I can have.
Today, I will be taught the uncompromised Word of God.
My mind's alert.
My heart's receptive.
I'm not leaving the same as I came in Jesus' name.
And every time I come to church on the rock, my faith and my life gets stronger and stronger.
I am a doer.
I am a doer of the Word of God.
Let's thank God for the Word today, church.
Amen.
We're beginning a brand new series the month of November.
It's Thanksgiving, right?
So it's very appropriate.
We're talking about overflowing gratitude.
Psychologists tell us that gratitude is the most healthiest emotion of all.
The gratitude conquers all other toxic emotions we deal with.
So if you'll stay with me for the next 29 minutes, I promise you I'm going to solve your problems by the Holy Spirit.
I promise you, you're going to hear something even have an ear to hear that's going to set you free.
I don't care if it's health, finances, marriage, career, education, your past, uncertainty.
God has the answer today to you and for me through the Word of God.
Say it with me overflowing gratitude.
We're not born thankful.
It's a skill you learn.
You as parents need to teach your children how to be thankful.
We're not born that way.
It's a skill we all have to learn.
Thankfulness, thankfulness is connected to resilience.
Thankfulness is connected to resilience.
People who are thankful are resilient.
The people who are thankful are resilient.
People who are thankful have grit.
They keep on keeping on and they get things done.
People who are, they've proven it scientifically, Google it.
I've got it, G-O-D, God it, but you can Google it if you want to.
But they found out that people who are thankful live longer.
People who are thankful live longer.
People who are thankful are more healthy emotionally.
The people who are thankful bounce back from disappointment, rejection, opposition, and persecution faster than the normal person.
If you're here today or you're online and you're depressed and you're discouraged and you're dreading the holidays, let me help you get rid of your depression.
Did you know that gratefulness releases joy in your life?
Gratefulness releases joy.
If you're lacking joy, look at your grateful thermometer today.
Because gratefulness and being thankful, watch this, precedes joy.
The most thankful people are the most joy-filled people.
This is why I'm giving you the introduction of why we're doing this this whole month.
Grateful people tend to be more steadfast, more stable, more consistent.
have greater endurance, grateful people.
And grateful people, we're going to look at the Scripture in just a minute, have a depth that others don't have.
Grateful people have a foundation, they have a depth, they have a strength that the average person doesn't have.
Gratefulness will bring breakthrough.
Did you know gratefulness will bring restoration?
Some of you are looking in the past today.
You need to stop looking at the past.
You need to stop looking at wrong decisions, wrong relationships, wrong investments.
You need to stop living in the past because your future is better and bigger.
Your future is better and bigger.
I said your future
is better and bigger.
Why is the windshield bigger than their rear view mirror?
Because your past is little compared to what God has in front of you today.
Amen.
So let's just get right into it.
If it's okay with you, look at the definition.
I looked this up and here's what it said, the definition of being grateful.
It's a recognition, recognition,
Gratefulness, can I just share this with you today, if you feel in the multi-grubs, you feel down, you feel like you're lost, you're lacking, you're insufficient, you don't have enough.
Gratefulness, watch this, changes your perception.
Gratefulness changes your perspective.
And perspective is the key to success in your life.
Your outlook determines your outcome.
Gratefulness changes the way you look at things.
It's a recognition and look at this and an appreciation of something you've received.
It's a recognition and appreciation of something you receive.
What's this?
Prompting action.
Grateful people are action-oriented people.
Notice this, that gratefulness is a recognition and appreciation of something you receive.
Watch this, prompting a desire to give back, prompting a desire to give back, prompting a heartfelt desire to give back, prompting a desire to give back, it reshapes your perspective and it enriches, everyone say enriches,
It enriches every area of your life.
Oh my goodness.
I gotta read it one more time because I don't want you to miss this.
See, I don't want you to give it to more morning and miss it.
I want you to recognize what when God sends something your way, an opportunity, gratefulness opens the doors to opportunity.
Gratefulness attracts the right people in your life.
You've heard the story.
You know, we planted this church 42 years ago, Kim and I.
We're 35 people.
We had a big God and a big vision.
A big God and a big vision.
And where our north campus is, it was a farm.
This was a dirt road.
And there were cows all over there, the pasture.
We're no houses out here.
And it was a farm.
And the couple that were the accountants for the people who owned the farm
They found out we wanted to purchase some of the land and build our North Campus so they came to meet me and they'll never forget Texan Helen with their names in their in heaven today.
They didn't even come to our church.
They lived in St. Louis.
They went to Browns Chapel in St. Louis.
And they heard me talk about the vision and vision attracts right people.
And all of a sudden they said, can we take you and your wife out for dinner sometimes?
Sure.
So we went out to dinner, they took us out, they paid for the meal, and afterwards I sent them a thank you card.
Everyone say thank you card.
We're talking about recognizing opportunities.
Gratefulness opens doors.
Your gift makes room for you.
Gratefulness attracts the right people into your life.
And so I'll make a long story short.
So eventually that couple, they began to do matching funds.
They started with us getting that property over there.
They said, we'll match every dollar your church gives to purchase that property over there.
Then beyond that, they would give $100,000 checks when we had projects of building buildings and buying property and expansion of our campus all these years.
Didn't even come to our church.
Winter Brown's Chapel in St. Louis, but I asked them one time, why in tarnation?
You like that Hebrew word, tarnation?
I said, why in tarnation have you guys sowed seed generosity?
Why have you given, you don't even come to our church, you're not a member.
Why?
Here's what they said.
You sent us a thank you card.
That's it.
They said, I think that's good because most people would never do it.
Here's what they told me.
We've taken preachers from all over St. Louis out to eat and they never sent us a thank you.
When's the last time you sent a thank you card?
They said, we have given to your ministry because you're the only one that recognized and appreciated our generosity.
Wow.
Thankfulness opens doors.
It attracts the right people into your life.
I want you to get up tomorrow morning and recognize opportunities to be thankful and express it and give back.
Therefore, look at Colossians chapter two and verse six.
Colossians two, verse six and seven.
Therefore, as you've received Christ Jesus, the Lord, so walk in Him.
Look at the screen, everybody.
Look what it says, verse seven.
Watch this where I got the title.
Having been firmly rooted and now being built up.
Everyone say rooted and built up.
Rooted and built up.
Do you remember my introduction?
I said, thankful people are steadfast people.
Thankful people are resilient people.
Thankful people have grit, yeah?
Look at this.
Being firmly rooted, let the word talk to you today.
Let the word talk to you today.
being firmly rooted and being built up in Him and established, established in the faith.
Look, just as you were instructed, the overflowing with gratitude.
That's Bible.
That's Colossians 2, verse 7.
That's where I got the title, overflowing gratitude.
That's where I got the title for the series, right out of the Bible.
Overflowing gratitude
will establish you.
It will cause you to have deep roots.
You'll be rooted.
You won't be swayed.
You won't be distracted.
You won't give up.
You won't give in.
You won't give out.
You got grit.
You'll be established.
No one can talk you out of what God said is yours.
No one can talk you out of the dream God put in your heart.
No one can talk you out of the prophecy God spoke over your life.
You are rooted.
You're grounded.
You're being built up.
with overflowing gratitude.
Look at this family on the screens.
The degree in which you are thankful is a sure indicator of your spiritual strength.
The degree in which you are thankful, and I am so thankful for y'all today.
I'm so thankful for church on the rock after 42 years.
I'm so thankful for my wife.
She put up with me for 52 years.
I'm so thankful for our team, our dream team.
I'm thankful for church on the rock.
I'm thankful for all that God has done and all that.
I'm thankful I'm not in the hospital today.
I'm thankful that I could be here today.
I'm thankful for my children and my grandchildren are all serving in this church, all working in the ministry, all serving God.
I'm so thankful.
I'm so thankful I live in the USA.
I'm so thankful for our freedoms.
I'm so thankful.
I'm so thankful you'll listen to me.
The degree in which you are thankful is an indicator of your spiritual strength.
I got that quote from my friend, John Mason.
Thank you, John, because I know you're watching.
Let me give you five benefits of thankfulness and gratitude.
Can we do that real quick?
Five?
Can you stay up with me?
This group right here can stay up with me.
Can y'all stay up with me?
Okay.
Prove it now.
Prove it.
That number one benefit, it's the healthiest emotion.
Ungratefulness opens the door to toxic emotions.
You ever notice a critical people, cynical people, negative people, always got some kind of ailment?
Well, it's got some kind of problem where they're dealing with the same problem after 20 years.
It seemed to never get ahead, never keep moving.
Gratitude is the healthiest emotion for us.
Ungratefulness opens the door to toxic emotions.
Look at the scripture, a dude-eronomy 28 verse 47 and 48.
Look on the screen with me.
Because you did not serve the Lord your God with joyfulness and gratitude.
Didn't I tell you that gratitude releases joy?
Yeah, so if I'm lack enjoy today, look at my gratitude thermometer.
When's the last time I sent an email or a card or took someone out or paid for a meal or bought their groceries or moved their yard or paid their car or payment or did something kind for them?
When's the last time I just told somebody thank you?
Because you did not serve the Lord your God with joyfulness of your mind and the heart of gratitude for the abundance.
So thankfulness attracts abundance.
A lack of it will attract lack.
Gratefulness attracts abundance.
If I'm thankful for what I have, then God will give me more to be thankful for.
If I'm thankful for what God has done, then I'll have more to thank God for what he has done.
I hope you got that.
Because you did not serve the Lord your God with joyfulness of mind and gratitude for the abundance, gratefulness attracts increase.
Abundance of all which he has blessed you
Therefore, you will serve your enemies.
What could be an enemy?
Depression, discouragement, fear, worry, anxiety, not enough, insomnia, physical problems, mental problems, all the above,
He said, because we did not serve him with gratefulness, which releases joy, which attracts abundance, the opposite of that, it'll attract toxic emotions into my life.
Your enemies, which will send against you, wow, that's pretty powerful.
Romans 1 verse 21, Romans 1 verse 21, because that when you knew God, that you glorified Him not as God, look at this, and you were never thankful.
You were never thankful.
I'm thankful, I'm saved.
I'm the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
I'm thankful, aren't you, that you're an overcomer, that you're more than a conqueror?
Aren't you thankful that God is for you?
The greater one is in you today?
Aren't you thankful for the Holy Spirit?
Aren't you thankful for your ministering angels?
Oh, I'm thankful.
But it said, but what's this now?
It said, because you knew God, you came to church,
But you never expressed your thankfulness.
You knew God, you were born again, but you were cynical, sarcastic, negative, always pointing out what was wrong, never thankful, never grateful.
He said, because that, look at this, now you knew God, but you weren't thankful.
So what's gonna happen?
He's gonna darken your heart.
What does that mean?
That means you come to church and you won't get anything out of it.
That means that your spirit is closed to revelation knowledge.
Well, I go to church, bless God, and I never get anything out of it.
Don't tell anybody that.
Because they're going to say wrong heart, heart and heart, unthankful.
Unthankful people don't grow.
Unthankful people don't hear the wisdom of God.
I hope you're hearing your pastor.
Unthankful people and we don't have any here.
Unthankful people.
This is for a church in another galaxy.
Unthankful people don't get revelation knowledge because their heart, their spirit is darkened.
It's closed.
Closed to revelation knowledge.
It can't discern the truth when the truth is given.
Wow.
So that's number one.
Number two, thankfulness brings us into God's presence.
And I want that more than anything else for us today.
Thankfulness brings us into God's presence.
And in his presence, family, I've taught you this, all your enemies melt like wax.
In his presence, some of you are confused about your assignment, God's will.
Get in his presence and clarity will come.
Some of you are afraid of the future, uncertainty, getting his presence and fear will go.
Some of you are dealing with the same old, same old, getting his presence and get your breakthrough.
Do you all remember the story we're gonna talk about next weekend of the 10 lepers?
And do you remember that Jesus healed them?
The 10 lepers, but only one.
Only one out of 10.
Only one came back.
and thanked Him.
And you what happened?
It says that Jesus made Him whole.
There's a difference.
I've seen lepers in Manila.
I've seen lepers in the Philippines.
I've walked down the dirt roads and the marketplace of the Philippines and I've seen lepers on the sides of the road.
And for them to be healed, doesn't mean the parts they lost grew back.
But when they're made whole, whatever they lost,
was restored back to them.
Thankfulness brings us into God's presence.
And family, that's what we cherish at our church.
So thank you so much for coming, preparing your hearts.
Because every church in town has lights, and fogs, and screen, and coffee shops, and children's ministries, and youth ministries, and outreaches, and turkey.
Every church in town does that now.
But what sets a church apart?
The anointing.
The presence of God.
Inner into his gates.
How do I get into his gates with thanksgiving?
And into his course with
praise.
Be grumpy.
Oh, sorry.
I got to get my eyes checked.
Be thankful and bless his name.
When we're thankful and we express it, we are blessing the Lord.
Yeah.
How do you get into his gates through, not through a personality or a talent or a gift or charisma or you get into his presence just by being thankful?
just by showing gratitude, just by entering in.
Verse five, for the Lord is good.
Thankfulness attracts the goodness of the Lord.
Thankfulness attracts the goodness.
We serve a good God.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life.
You need to get up every day of your life expecting to see the goodness of God and the mercy of God manifest in your life.
And when you do recognize it, appreciate it and give him thanks.
You guys are awesome.
For the Lord is good.
His mercy is everlasting and his truth endured to all generations.
Number three, thankfulness releases supernatural joy.
Thankfulness releases supernatural joy.
It'll get you out of the molly grubs.
It'll change your perspective.
It'll remove the toxic emotion of negativity and self-pity and feeling sorry for myself and entitlement and comparing.
Oh, thankfulness.
It releases supernatural joy.
Psalm 1611, that will show me things that you need to see that you don't see
Thankfulness will bring to you.
It's called revelation knowledge.
But an angry full heart closes your spirit.
Well, I don't get anything when I go to church.
Something's wrong.
Thou shall show me the path of life in your presence is the fullness of joy.
I like that word fullness.
At your right hand, there are pleasures for evermore.
At your right hand, there are pleasures
forevermore.
At your right hand, God, there are pleasures forevermore.
What's that?
A changed perspective.
Oh my goodness.
I need joy to finish strong.
You can't finish your race without joy.
Joy releases the strength of the Lord.
It suits joy.
You leave a legacy.
We're in legacy season at church on the rock.
Number four, four are the five benefits.
Can I give you two more?
You wanna wait till next week.
Okay, thankfulness helps you find, follow and fulfill God's will.
Thankfulness, if you're struggling with, I don't know what I'm to do with my life.
I don't know what my purpose is.
Thankfulness helps you find, as the team comes out, follow and fulfill God's will and purpose for your life.
I can help you know your assignment today.
It's through thankfulness.
Look at this.
Thank God, not for.
Don't thank God for the storm.
Thank God in the storm.
Don't thank God for the setback.
Thank God in the setback.
Don't thank God for the trouble.
Thank God in the trouble.
Don't thank God for the pain.
Thank God in the pain.
Right?
Cause he's a good God.
Thank God in everything.
No matter what you're going through, your circumstances may be.
Be thankful and keep giving thanks.
For this is what?
The will of God for you.
It's like priming a pump.
I grew up both my grandparents were farmers in Iowa that have the old water pump out there where you get the water out of the well and you had to prime the pump.
You see, well, I want to know who to marry and the house to buy in the career and the education and the school and the university and what to do next in my future and where to invest, just get in the will of God.
It's progressive.
And you get in the will of God with a thankful, grateful heart.
Look at this, the will of God for you who are in Christ Jesus.
Look at this, the revealer, revealer and mediator of
His will.
Oh my goodness.
Number five, we close with this.
Thankfulness will attract increase and abundance into your life.
We read that earlier.
Remember in Deuteronomy 28, if I'm not thanking God for, I have no joy for the abundance of all the blessings?
Well, Pastor, I'm not seeing it.
Change what you're seeing.
Change what you're thinking.
Change what you're doing.
Start a gratitude journal.
Start a gratitude walk.
Start doing acts of gratitude for somebody else.
Who can you bless today?
Who can you invest in today?
Who can you edify today?
Who can you help today?
Who can you assist today?
Who can you equip today?
Who can you disciple today?
Thankfulness attracts increase.
and abundance into your life.
And that's Deuteronomy 28, 47, 48.
I'm done.
Did I help you today?
Oh, come on.
If you got something, give the Lord to praise today.
Everybody say gratefulness, thankfulness.
I am a grateful person.
I will be.
I will be the most grateful person you know.
You said it now, you're accountable for it, amen?
Oh, bow your heads with me.
Would you please close your eyes?
Now we come to the most important decision that we could ever make.
I made it when I was 11.
That's giving your heart to Jesus Christ.
He loves you.
He's for you.
He died for you.
He went on the cross and was crucified.
Went to the center part of the earth, defeated death hell in the grave.
Rose on the third day,
And he's here today to give you abundant life, eternal life.
He loves you right where you're at.
But he loves you too much to leave you where you're at.
With our heads about in our eyes closed, you say, Pastor, I don't have a relationship with God.
I want an up-to-date relationship with God.
Maybe it's the first time.
Maybe it's an act of rededication.
I just want you to know the girls saying about it today, the love of God.
God has no respect to our persons?
Well, we were yet sinners.
Christ died for us.
What great love.
Heads about eyes closed.
You say, Pastor, pray for me today.
Include me in the prayer.
Maybe it's the first time or maybe the Holy Spirit speaking to you right now as an act of rededication.
Online just punch the button on your screen.
There's a live person if you need to talk to somebody.
Here in the room, out in the lobby, the family lounge, the Rock Express, wherever you are, you see, Pastor, just including the prayer.
Today, I want to leave this year with a legacy.
I want to lock in.
I want to level up.
I want to reinvent myself.
I want to, I want to, I want next year to be better.
I want to give my life to God totally.
First time, a rededication.
No one's going to come to you, but faith is an act.
It's about eyes closed.
Pastor,
Include me in the prayer.
Just lift your hand up right now.
Would you just lift it up right now and just wave it at me?
Just lift it up right now.
Heaven's watching and just wave it at me.
Put it right up.
Christians, are you praying?
You're part of this process right now.
There's still some people who need to lift your hand.
Do it quickly.
Just lift your hand up.
That's all you're saying is just pray for me.
You can put your hands down.
Okay Church, let's help them.
Everyone who's gonna pray this prayer with us
Let's help them church say it with me, Heavenly Father, I repent.
I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
He died for me and He rose again.
Jesus, coming to my heart, coming to my life, I receive you now as my Lord and my Savior.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit and take my life and make a difference in Jesus' name
Amen.
Thanks for watching this week's message.
One way for you to connect your church in Iraq is through the God is for you classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission and values of church in Iraq and about your God given this time.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash God is for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at church in Iraq,
Make sure to visit our website at cotr.org.
And never forget, God is for you.